The Project Gutenberg EBook of Chatto & Windus's List of Books, July 1878, by 
Chatto and Windus

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Chatto & Windus's List of Books, July 1878

Author: Chatto
        Windus

Release Date: August 27, 2018 [EBook #57784]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHATTO & WINDUS'S, JULY 1878 ***




Produced by MWS, Wayne Hammond and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive/American Libraries.)






[Transcriber’s Note:

Text delimited by underscores (_) is italics,

Text delimited by plus signs (+) is Blackletter font.]




  _July, 1878._

  [Illustration]

  CHATTO & WINDUS’S

  +List of Books.+

  [Illustration]

[Illustration]

_ON BOOKS AND BOOK-BUYERS._

By JOHN RUSKIN, LL.D.

“_I say we have despised literature; what do we, as a nation, care about
books? How much do you think we spend altogether on our libraries,
public or private, as compared with what we spend on our horses? If a
man spends lavishly on his library, you call him mad--a bibliomaniac.
But you never call one a horse-maniac, though men ruin themselves every
day by their horses, and you do not hear of people ruining themselves by
their books. Or, to go lower still, how much do you think the contents
of the book-shelves of the United Kingdom, public and private, would
fetch, as compared with the contents of its wine-cellars? What position
would its expenditure on literature take as compared with its
expenditure on luxurious eating? We talk of food for the mind, as of
food for the body: now, a good book contains such food inexhaustible: it
is provision for life, and for the best part of us; yet how long most
people would look at the best book before they would give the price of a
large turbot for it! Though there have been men who have pinched their
stomachs and bared their backs to buy a book, whose libraries were
cheaper to them, I think, in the end, than most men’s dinners are. We
are few of us put to such a trial, and more the pity; for, indeed, a
precious thing is all the more precious to us if it has been won by work
or economy; and if public libraries were half as costly as public
dinners, or books cost the tenth part of what bracelets do, even foolish
men and women might sometimes suspect there was good in reading as well
as in munching and sparkling; whereas the very cheapness of literature
is making even wiser people forget that if a book is worth reading it is
worth buying._”--SESAME AND LILIES; OR, KING’S TREASURES.

[Illustration]




[Illustration]

CHATTO & WINDUS’S

_List of Books_.

       *       *       *       *       *

Square 8vo, cloth, extra gilt, gilt edges, with Coloured Frontispiece
and numerous Illustrations, 10_s._ 6_d._


_The Art of Beauty._

    By Mrs. H. R. HAWEIS, Author of “Chaucer for Children.” With
    nearly One Hundred Illustrations by the Author.

“_A most interesting book, full of valuable hints and suggestions.... If
young ladies would but lend their ears for a little to Mrs. Haweis, we
are quite sure that it would result in their being at once more
tasteful, more happy, and more healthy than they now often are, with
their false hair, high heels, tight corsets, and ever so much else of
the same sort._”--NONCONFORMIST.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 4to, containing 24 Plates beautifully printed in Colours, with
descriptive Text, cloth extra, gilt, 6_s._; illustrated boards, 3_s._
6_d._


_Æsop’s Fables._

    Translated into Human Nature. By C. H. BENNETT.

“_For fun and frolic the new version of Æsop’s Fables must bear away the
palm. There are plenty of grown-up children who like to be amused; and
if this new version of old stories does not amuse them they must be very
dull indeed, and their situation one much to be commiserated._”--MORNING
POST.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with 639 Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._, a New
Edition (uniform with “The Englishman’s House”) of


_A Handbook of Architectural Styles_.

    Translated from the German of A. ROSENGARTEN by W.
    COLLETT-SANDARS. With 639 Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, Coloured Frontispiece and Illustrations, cloth gilt, 7_s._
6_d._


_A History of Advertising_,

    From the Earliest Times. Illustrated by Anecdotes, Curious
    Specimens, and Biographical Notes of Successful Advertisers. By
    HENRY SAMPSON.

“_We have here a book to be thankful for. We recommend the present
volume, which takes us through antiquity, the middle ages, and the
present time, illustrating all in turn by advertisements--serious,
comic, roguish, or downright rascally. The volume is full of
entertainment from the first page to the last._”--ATHENÆUM.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, with Portrait and Facsimile, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Artemus Ward’s Works_:

    The Works of CHARLES FARRER BROWNE, better known as ARTEMUS
    WARD. With Portrait, facsimile of Handwriting, &c.

“_The author combines the powers of Thackeray with those of Albert
Smith. The salt is rubbed in with a native hand--one which has the gift
of tickling._”--SATURDAY REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 4to, green and gold, 6_s._ 6_d._; gilt edges, 7_s._ 6_d._


_As Pretty as Seven_,

    and other Popular German Stories. Collected by LUDWIG BECHSTEIN.
    With Additional Tales by the Brothers GRIMM, and 100
    Illustrations by _Richter_.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._

_A Handbook of London Bankers_;

    With some Account of their Predecessors, the Early Goldsmiths;
    together with Lists of Bankers, from 1677 to 1876. By F. G.
    HILTON PRICE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 9_s._


_Bardsley’s Our English Surnames_:

    Their Sources and Significations. By CHARLES WAREING BARDSLEY,
    M.A. Second Edition, revised throughout, considerably enlarged,
    and partially rewritten.

“_Mr. Bardsley has faithfully consulted the original mediæval documents
and works from which the origin and development of surnames can alone be
satisfactorily traced. He has furnished a valuable contribution to the
literature of surnames, and we hope to hear more of him in this
field._”--TIMES.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 18_s._

_Baker’s Clouds in the East_:

    Travels and Adventures on the Perso-Turkoman Frontier. By
    VALENTINE BAKER. With Maps and Illustrations, coloured and
    plain, from Original Sketches. Second Edition, revised and
    corrected.

“_A man who not only thinks for himself, but who has risked his life in
order to gain information.... A most graphic and lively narrative of
travels and adventures which have nothing of the commonplace about
them._”--LEEDS MERCURY.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, illustrated, uniform in size for binding.


_Henry Blackburn’s Art Handbooks_:


_Academy Notes_, 1875.

    With Forty Illustrations. 1_s._


_Academy Notes_, 1876.

    With One Hundred and Seven Illustrations. 1_s._


_Academy Notes_, 1877.

    With One Hundred and Forty-three Illustrations. 1_s._


_Academy Notes_, 1878.

    With One Hundred and Fifty Illustrations. 1_s._


_Grosvenor Notes_, 1878.

    With Sixty-eight Illustrations, 1_s._ [_See end of this list._]


_Dudley Notes_, 1878.

    (The Water-colour Exhibition.) With Sixty-four Illusts., 1_s._


_Pictures at South Kensington._

    (The Raphael Cartoons, Sheepshanks Collection, &c.) With Seventy
    Illustrations. 1_s._


_The English Pictures at the National Gallery._ With One Hundred and
Fourteen Illustrations. 1_s._

    _The Old Masters at the National Gallery._ With One Hundred and
    Thirty Illustrations. 1_s._ 6_d._

⁂ The two last form a complete Catalogue to the National Gallery, and
may be had bound in one volume, cloth, 3_s._


_Other parts in preparation._

“_Our Bank of Elegance notes are not in high credit. But our Bank of
Arts notes ought to be, when the bank is_ HENRY BLACKBURN’S & CO., _and
the notes are his Grosvenor Gallery Notes, and his Academy Notes for
1878. Never were more unmistakable cases of “value received,” than
theirs who purchase these two wonderful shillingsworths--the best aids
to memory, for the collections they relate to, that have ever been
produced. The Illustrations, excellent records of the pictures, in many
cases from sketches by the painters, are full of spirit, and, for their
scale, wonderfully effective; the remarks terse, and to the point. After
Punch’s Own Guide to the Academy, and the Grosvenor, the best, he has no
hesitation in saying, are Mr. Blackburn’s._”--PUNCH, June 7, 1878.


UNIFORM WITH “ACADEMY NOTES.”


_The Royal Scottish Academy Notes_, 1878.

    Containing One Hundred and Seventeen Illustrations of the Chief
    Works, from Drawings by the Artists. Edited by GEORGE R.
    HALKETT. 1_s._


_Notes to the Seventeenth Exhibition of the Glasgow Institute of the
Fine Arts_,

    1878. Containing 95 Illustrations, chiefly from Drawings by the
    Artists. Edited by GEORGE R. HALKETT. 1_s._

       *       *       *       *       *

Folio, half-bound boards, India proofs, 21_s._


_Blake (William)._

    Etchings from his Works. By WILLIAM BELL SCOTT. With descriptive
    Text.

“_The best side of Blake’s work is given here, and makes a really
attractive volume, which all can enjoy.... The etching is of the best
kind, more refined and delicate than the original work._”--SATURDAY
REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Boccaccio’s Decameron_;

    or, Ten Days’ Entertainment. Translated into English, with an
    Introduction by THOMAS WRIGHT, Esq., M.A., F.S.A. With Portrait,
    and STOTHARD’S beautiful Copperplates.

       *       *       *       *       *

Price One Shilling Monthly, with Four Illustrations.


_Belgravia Magazine._

_That the purpose with which “BELGRAVIA” was originated has been
fulfilled, is shown by the popularity that has attended it since its
first appearance. Aiming, as may be inferred from its name, at supplying
the most refined and cultivated section of London society with
intellectual pabulum suited to its requirements, it sprang at once into
public favour, and has since remained one of the most extensively read
and widely circulated of periodicals. In passing into new hands it has
experienced no structural change or modification. Increased energy and
increased capital have been employed in elevating it to the highest
standard of excellence, but all the features that had won public
appreciation have been retained, and the Magazine still seeks its
principal support in the homes of Belgravia. As the means through which
the writer most readily reaches the heart of the general public, and in
consequence as the most important of aids in the establishment of morals
and the formation of character, fiction still remains a principal
feature in the Magazine. Two Serial Stories accordingly run through its
pages; supplemented by short Stories, Novelettes, and narrative or
dramatic Sketches: whilst Essays, Social, Biographical, and Humorous;
Scientific Discoveries brought to the level of popular comprehension,
and treated with a light touch; Poetry, of the highest character; and
records of Adventure and Travel, form the remaining portion of the
contents. Especial care is now bestowed upon the illustrations, of which
no fewer than four appear in each number. Beyond the design of
illustrating the article they accompany, these aim at maintaining a
position as works of art, both as regards drawing and engraving. In
short, whatever claims the Magazine before possessed to favour have now
been enhanced, and the Publishers can but leave the result to a public
that has seldom failed to appreciate all earnest, persistent, and
well-directed efforts for its amusement and benefit._

⁂ _The THIRTY-FIFTH Volume of BELGRAVIA, elegantly bound in crimson
cloth, full gilt side and back, gilt edges, price_ 7_s._ 6_d._, _is now
ready.--Handsome Cases for binding the volume can be had at 2s. each._

       *       *       *       *       *

THIRD EDITION, crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, 6_s._


_Boudoir Ballads_:

    Vers de Société. By J. ASHBY-STERRY.

       *       *       *       *       *

Imperial 4to, cloth extra, gilt and gilt edges, price 21_s._ per volume.


_Beautiful Pictures by British Artists_:

    A Gathering of Favourites from our Picture Galleries. In 2
    Series.

    The FIRST SERIES including Examples by WILKIE, CONSTABLE,
    TURNER, MULREADY, LANDSEER, MACLISE, E. M. WARD, FRITH, Sir JOHN
    GILBERT, LESLIE, ANSDELL, MARCUS STONE, Sir NOEL PATON, FAED,
    EYRE CROWE, GAVIN O’NEIL, and MADOX BROWN.

    The SECOND SERIES containing Pictures by ARMYTAGE, FAED,
    GOODALL, HEMSLEY, HORSLEY, MARKS, NICHOLLS, Sir NOEL PATON,
    PICKERSGILL, G. SMITH, MARCUS STONE, SOLOMON, STRAIGHT, E. M.
    WARD, and WARREN.

    All engraved on Steel in the highest style of Art. Edited, with
    Notices of the Artists, by SYDNEY ARMYTAGE, M.A.

“_This book is well got up, and good engravings by Jeens, Lumb Stocks,
and others, bring back to us pictures of Royal Academy Exhibitions of
past years._”--TIMES.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, with Photographic Portrait, cloth extra, 9_s._


_Blanchard’s (Laman) Poems._

    Now first Collected. Edited, with a Life of the Author by
    BLANCHARD JERROLD.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Bret Hart’s Select Works_,

    in Prose and Poetry. With Introductory Essay by J. M. BELLOW,
    Portrait of the Author, and 50 Illustrations.

“_Not many months before my friend’s death, he had sent me two sketches
of a young American writer (Bret Harte), far away in California (‘The
Outcasts of Poker Flat,’ and another), in which he had found such subtle
strokes of character as he had not anywhere else in late years
discovered; the manner resembling himself, but the matter fresh to a
degree that had surprised him; the painting in all respects masterly,
and the wild rude thing painted a quite wonderful reality. I have rarely
known him more honestly moved._”--FORSTER’S LIFE OF DICKENS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Brand’s Observations on Popular Antiquities_,

    chiefly Illustrating the Origin of our Vulgar Customs,
    Ceremonies, and Superstitions. With the Additions of Sir HENRY
    ELLIS. An entirely New and Revised Edition, with fine full-page
    Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with full-page Portraits, 4_s._
6_d._


_Brewster’s (Sir David) Martyrs of Science._

       *       *       *       *       *

Small crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Astronomical Plates, 4_s._
6_d._


_Brewster’s (Sir David) More Worlds than One_,

    the Creed of the Philosopher and the Hope of the Christian.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small crown 8vo, cloth extra, 6_s._


_Brillat-Savarin’s Gastronomy as a Fine Art_;

    or, The Science of Good Living. A Translation of the
    “Physiologie du Goût” of BRILLAT-SAVARIN, with an Introduction
    and Explanatory Notes by R. E. ANDERSON, M.A.

“_We have read it with rare enjoyment, just as we have delightedly read
and re-read quaint old Izaak. Mr. Anderson has done his work of
translation daintily, with true appreciation of the points in his
original; and altogether, though late, we cannot but believe that this
book will be welcomed and much read by many._”--NONCONFORMIST.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, profusely Illustrated in Colours, price 30_s._


_The British Flora Medica_:

    A History of the Medicinal Plants of Great Britain. Illustrated
    by a Figure of each Plant, COLOURED BY HAND. By BENJAMIN H.
    BARTON, F.L.S., and THOMAS CASTLE, M.D., F.R.S. A New Edition,
    revised, condensed, and partly re-written, by JOHN R. JACKSON,
    A.L.S., Curator of the Museums of Economic Botany, Royal
    Gardens, Kew.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE STOTHARD BUNYAN.--Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Bunyan’s Pilgrim’s Progress._

    Edited by Rev. T. SCOTT. With 17 beautiful Steel Plates by
    STOTHARD, engraved by GOODALL; and numerous Woodcuts.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Byron’s Letters and Journals._

    With Notices of his Life. By THOMAS MOORE. A Reprint of the
    Original Edition, newly revised, Complete in One thick Volume,
    with Twelve full-page Plates.

“_We have read this book with the greatest pleasure. Considered merely
as a composition, it deserves to be classed among the best specimens of
English prose which our age has produced.... The style is agreeable,
clear, and manly, and when it rises into eloquence, rises without effort
or ostentation. It would be difficult to name a book which exhibits more
kindness, fairness, and modesty._”--MACAULAY, in the EDINBURGH REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Colman’s Humorous Works_:

    “Broad Grins,” “My Nightgown and Slippers,” and other Humorous
    Works, Prose and Poetical, of GEORGE COLMAN. With Life by G. B.
    BUCKSTONE, and Frontispiece by HOGARTH.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 4to, cloth extra, gilt edges. 31_s._ 6_d._

    _Canova’s Works in Sculpture and Modelling._ 150 Plates,
    exquisitely engraved in Outline by MOSES, and printed on an
    India tint. With Descriptions by the Countess ALBRIZZI, a
    Biographical Memoir by CICOGNARA, and Portrait by WORTHINGTON.

“_The fertility of this master’s resources is amazing, and the manual
labour expended on his works would have worn out many an ordinary
workman. The outline engravings are finely executed. The descriptive
notes are discriminating, and in the main exact._”--SPECTATOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

_NEW VOLUME OF HUNTING SKETCHES._

Oblong 4to, half-bound boards, 21_s._


_Canters in Crampshire._

    By G. BOWERS. I. Gallops from Gorseborough. II. Scrambles with
    Scratch Packs. III. Studies with Stag Hounds.

“_The fruit of the observation of an artist who has an eye for
character, a sense of humour, and a firm and ready hand in delineating
characteristic details.... Altogether, this is a very pleasant volume
for the tables of country gentlemen, or of those town gentlemen who,
like Mr. Black’s hero and heroine, divide their time between “Green
Pastures and Piccadilly._”--DAILY NEWS.

“_An amusing volume of sketches and adventures in the hunting-field,
drawn with great spirit, a keen sense of humour and fun, and no lack of
observation._”--SPECTATOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Two Vols. imperial 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, the Plates beautifully
printed in Colours, £3 3_s._


_Catlin’s Illustrations of the Manners,

    Customs, and Condition of the North American Indians_: the
    result of Eight Years of Travel and Adventure among the Wildest
    and most Remarkable Tribes now existing. Containing 360 Coloured
    Engravings from the Author’s original Paintings.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 4to, cloth gilt, with Coloured Illustrations, 10_s._ 6_d._


_Chaucer for Children_:

    A Golden Key. By Mrs. H. R. HAWEIS. With Eight Coloured Pictures
    and numerous Woodcuts by the Author.

“_It must not only take a high place among the Christmas and New Year
books of this season, but is also of permanent value as an introduction
to the study of Chaucer, whose works, in selections of some kind or
other, are now text-books in every school that aspires to give sound
instruction in English._”--ACADEMY.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth gilt, Two very thick Volumes, 7_s._ 6_d._ each.


_Cruikshank’s Comic Almanack._

    Complete in TWO SERIES: The FIRST from 1835 to 1843; the SECOND
    from 1844 to 1853. A Gathering of the BEST HUMOUR of THACKERAY,
    HOOD, MAYHEW, ALBERT SMITH, A’BECKETT, ROBERT BROUGH, &c. With
    2000 Woodcuts and Steel Engravings by CRUIKSHANK, HINE,
    LANDELLS, &c.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, cloth extra, with Coloured Illustrations and Maps, 24_s._


_Cope’s History of the Rifle Brigade_

    (The Prince Consort’s Own), formerly the 95th. By Sir WILLIAM H.
    COPE, formerly Lieutenant, Rifle Brigade.

“_This latest contribution to the history of the British army is a work
of the most varied information regarding the distinguished regiment
whose life it narrates, and also of facts interesting to the student in
military affairs.... Great credit is due to Sir W. Cope for the patience
and labour, extending over many years, which he has given to the
work.... In many cases well-executed plans of actions are
given._”--MORNING POST.

“_Even a bare record of a corps which has so often been under fire, and
has borne a part in important engagements all over the world, could not
prove otherwise than full of matter acceptable to the military
reader._”--ATHENÆUM.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Portraits, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Creasy’s Memoirs of Eminent Etonians_;

    with Notices of the Early History of Eton College. By Sir EDWARD
    CREASY, Author of “The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World.” A
    New Edition, brought down to the Present Time, with 13
    Illustrations.

“_A new edition of ‘Creasy’s Etonians’ will be welcome. The book was a
favourite a quarter of a century ago, and it has maintained its
reputation. The value of this new edition is enhanced by the fact that
Sir Edward Creasy has added to it several memoirs of Etonians who have
died since the first edition appeared. The work is eminently
interesting._”--SCOTSMAN.

       *       *       *       *       *

To be Completed in Twenty-four Parts, quarto, at 5_s._ each, profusely
illustrated by Coloured and Plain Plates and Wood Engravings,


_Cyclopædia of Costume_;

    or, A Dictionary of Dress--Regal, Ecclesiastical, Civil, and
    Military--from the Earliest Period in England to the reign of
    George the Third. Including Notices of Contemporaneous Fashions
    on the Continent, and a General History of the Costumes of the
    Principal Countries of Europe. By J. R. PLANCHÉ, Somerset
    Herald. Part XXI. nearly ready.

“_A most readable and interesting work--and it can scarcely be consulted
in vain, whether the reader is in search for information as to military,
court, ecclesiastical, legal, or professional costume.... All the
chromo-lithographs, and most of the woodcut illustrations--the latter
amounting to several thousands--are very elaborately executed; and the
work forms a livre de luxe which renders it equally suited to the
library and the ladies’ drawing-room._”--TIMES.

⁂ _The DICTIONARY forms Vol. I., which may now be had bound in half red
morocco, price_ £3 13_s._ 6_d._ _Cases for binding_ 5_s._ _each_.

_The remaining Parts will be occupied by the GENERAL HISTORY OF THE
COSTUMES OF EUROPE, arranged Chronologically._

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, half-bound morocco, 21_s._


_Dibdin’s Bibliomania_;

    or, Book-Madness: A Bibliographical Romance. With numerous
    Illustrations. A New Edition, with a Supplement, including a Key
    to the Assumed Characters in the Drama.

       *       *       *       *       *

Parts I. to XII. now ready, 21_s._ each.


_Cussans’ History of Hertfordshire._

    By JOHN E. CUSSANS. Illustrated with full-page Plates on Copper
    and Stone, and a profusion of small Woodcuts.

“_Mr. Cussans has, from sources not accessible to Clutterbuck, made most
valuable additions to the manorial history of the county from the
earliest period downwards, cleared up many doubtful points, and given
original details concerning various subjects untouched or imperfectly
treated by that writer. The pedigrees seem to have been constructed with
great care, and are a valuable addition to the genealogical history of
the county. Mr. Cussans appears to have done his work conscientiously,
and to have spared neither time, labour, nor expense to render his
volumes worthy of ranking in the highest class of County
Histories._”--ACADEMY.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, cloth extra, 12_s._ 6_d._


_Doran’s Memories of our Great Towns._

    With Anecdotic Gleanings concerning their Worthies and their
    Oddities. By Dr. JOHN DORAN, F.S.A.

“_Lively and conversational; ‘brimful,’ as the introductory notice in
the volume describes them, ‘of pleasant chatty interest and antiquarian
lore.’... The volume will be found useful to ordinary visitors to the
towns included within its range.... Many of the anecdotes contained in
this pleasant collection have not, so far as we know, been published
elsewhere._”--SATURDAY REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

SECOND EDITION, demy 8vo, cloth gilt, with Illustrations, 18_s._


_Dunraven’s The Great Divide_:

    A Narrative of Travels in the Upper Yellowstone in the Summer of
    1874. By the EARL of DUNRAVEN. With Maps and numerous striking
    full-page Illustrations by VALENTINE W. BROMLEY.

“_There has not for a long time appeared a better book of travel than
Lord Dunraven’s ‘The Great Divide.’... The book is full of clever
observation, and both narrative and illustrations are thoroughly
good._”--ATHENÆUM.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 24_s._


_Dodge’s (Colonel) The Hunting Grounds of the Great West_:

    A Description of the Plains, Game, and Indians of the Great
    North American Desert. By RICHARD IRVING DODGE,
    Lieutenant-Colonel of the United States Army. With an
    Introduction by WILLIAM BLACKMORE; Map, and numerous
    Illustrations drawn by ERNEST GRISET.

“_This magnificent volume is one of the most able and most interesting
works which has ever proceeded from an American pen, while its freshness
is equal to that of any similar book. Colonel Dodge has chosen a subject
of which he is master, and treated it with a fulness that leaves nothing
more to be desired, and in a style which is charming equally for its
picturesqueness and its purity._”--NONCONFORMIST.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 6_s._


_Emanuel On Diamonds and Precious Stones_:

    their History, Value, and Properties; with Simple Tests for
    ascertaining their Reality. By HARRY EMANUEL, F.R.G.S. With
    numerous Illustrations, Tinted and Plain.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_The Englishman’s House_:

    A Practical Guide to all interested in Selecting or Building a
    House, with full Estimates of Cost, Quantities, &c. By C. J.
    RICHARDSON. Third Edition. With nearly 600 Illustrations.

⁂ _This book is intended to supply a long-felt want, viz., a plain,
non-technical account of every style of house, with the cost and manner
of building; it gives every variety, from a workman’s cottage to a
nobleman’s palace._

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth boards, 6_s._ per Volume; a few Large Paper copies
(only 50 printed), at 12_s._ per Vol.


_Early English Poets._

    Edited, with Introductions and Annotations, by Rev. A. B.
    GROSART.

“_Mr. Grosart has spent the most laborious and the most enthusiastic
care on the perfect restoration and preservation of the text; and it is
very unlikely that any other edition of the poet can ever be called
for.... From Mr. Grosart we always expect and always receive the final
results of most patient and competent scholarship._”--EXAMINER.


1. _Fletcher’s (Giles, B.D.) Complete Poems_:

    Christ’s Victorie in Heaven, Christ’s Victorie on Earth,
    Christ’s Triumph over Death, and Minor Poems. With
    Memorial-Introduction and Notes. One Vol.


2. _Davies’ (Sir John) Complete Poetical Works_,

    including Psalms I. to L. in Verse, and other hitherto
    Unpublished MSS., for the first time Collected and Edited. With
    Memorial-Introduction and Notes. Two Vols.


3. _Herrick’s (Robert) Hesperides. Noble Numbers, and Complete Collected
Poems._

    With Memorial-Introduction and Notes, Steel Portrait, Index of
    First Lines, and Glossarial Index, &c. Three Vols.


4. _Sidney’s (Sir Philip) Complete Poetical Works_,

    all those in “Arcadia.” With Portrait, Memorial-Introduction,
    Essay on the Poetry of Sidney, and Notes. Three Vols.


5. _Donne’s (Dr. John) Complete Poetical Works_,

    the Satires and various from MSS. With Memorial-Introduction and
    Notes.

  [_In preparation._]

       *       *       *       *       *

_IMPORTANT VOLUME OF ETCHINGS._

Folio, cloth extra, £1 11_s._ 6_d._


_Examples of Contemporary Art._

    Etchings from Representative Works by living English and Foreign
    Artists. Edited, with Critical Notes, by J. COMYNS CARR.

“_It would not be easy to meet with a more sumptuous, and at the same
time a more tasteful and instructive drawing-room
book._”--NONCONFORMIST.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 6_s._


_Fairholt’s Tobacco_:

    Its History and Associations; with an Account of the Plant and
    its Manufacture, and its Modes of Use in all Ages and Countries.
    By F. W. FAIRHOLT, F.S.A. A New Edition, with Coloured
    Frontispiece and upwards of 100 Illustrations by the Author.

“_A very pleasant and instructive history of tobacco and its
associations, which we cordially recommend alike to the votaries and to
the enemies of the much-maligned but certainly not neglected weed....
Full of interest and information._”--DAILY NEWS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Finger-Ring Lore_:

    Historical, Legendary, and Anecdotal.--Earliest Notices;
    Superstitions; Ring Investiture, Secular and Ecclesiastical;
    Betrothal and Wedding Rings; Ring-tokens; Memorial and Mortuary
    Rings; Posy-Rings; Customs and Incidents in Connection with
    Rings; Remarkable Rings, &c. By WILLIAM JONES, F.S.A. With
    Hundreds of Illustrations of Curious Rings of all Ages and
    Countries.

“_Enters fully into the whole subject, and gives an amount of
information and general reading in reference thereto which is of very
high interest. The book is not only a sort of history of finger-rings,
but is a collection of anecdotes in connection with them.... The volume
is admirably illustrated, and altogether affords an amount of amusement
and information which is not otherwise easily accessible._”--SCOTSMAN.

“_One of those gossiping books which are as full of amusement as of
instruction._”--ATHENÆUM.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE RUSKIN GRIMM.--Square crown 8vo, cloth extra, 6_s._ 6_d._; gilt
edges, 7_s._ 6_d._


_German Popular Stories._

    Collected by the Brothers GRIMM, and Translated by EDGAR TAYLOR.
    Edited, with an Introduction, by JOHN RUSKIN. With 22
    Illustrations after the inimitable designs of GEORGE CRUIKSHANK.
    Both Series Complete.

“_The illustrations of this volume ... are of quite sterling and
admirable art, of a class precisely parallel in elevation to the
character of the tales which they illustrate; and the original etchings,
as I have before said in the Appendix to my ‘Elements of Drawing,’ were
unrivalled in masterfulness of touch since Rembrandt (in some qualities
of delineation, unrivalled even by him).... To make somewhat enlarged
copies of them, looking at them through a magnifying glass, and never
putting two lines where Cruikshank has put only one, would be an
exercise in decision and severe drawing which would leave afterwards
little to be learnt in schools._”--_Extract from Introduction by_ JOHN
RUSKIN.

       *       *       *       *       *

One Vol. crown 8vo, cloth extra, 9_s._


_Gilbert’s (W. S.) Original Plays_:

    “A Wicked World,” “Charity,” “The Palace of Truth,” “Pygmalion,”
    “Trial by Jury,” &c.

“_His workmanship is in its way perfect; it is very sound, very even,
very well sustained, and excellently balanced throughout._”--OBSERVER.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 4_s._ 6_d._


_Faraday’s Chemical History of a Candle._

    Lectures delivered to a Juvenile Audience. A New Edition. Edited
    by W. CROOKES, F.C.S. With numerous Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 4_s._ 6_d._


_Faraday’s Various Forces of Nature._

    A New Edition. Edited by W. CROOKES, F.C.S. With numerous
    Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

One Shilling Monthly, Illustrated by ARTHUR HOPKINS.

_The Gentleman’s Magazine._

    Edited by SYLVANUS URBAN, Gentleman.

_In seeking to restore the “GENTLEMAN’S MAGAZINE” to the position it
formerly held, the Publishers do not lose sight of the changed
conditions under which it now appears. While maintaining an historical
continuity which dates back to the reign of George the Second, there
will be no attempt to burden the present with the weight of a distant
past, or to adhere slavishly to traditions the application of which is
unsuited to the altered conditions of society at the present time. It is
sought to render the Magazine to the gentleman of to-day what in earlier
times it proved to the gentleman of a past generation. New features will
be introduced to take the place of those which disappear; in the most
important respects, however, the connecting links between the present
and the past will be closest. Biography and History, which have always
formed a conspicuous portion of the contents, will retain the prominence
assigned them, and will be treated with the added breadth that springs
from increased familiarity with authorities and more exact appreciation
of the province of the Biographer and the Historian. Science, which
confers upon the age special eminence, will have its latest conclusions
and forecasts presented in a manner which shall bring them within the
grasp of the general reader. The philosophical aspect of Politics, the
matters which affect Imperial interests, will be separated from the
rivalries of party, and will receive a due share of attention.
Archæology (under which comprehensive head may be included Genealogy,
Topography, and other similar matters), Natural History, Sport and
Adventure, Poetry, Belles Lettres, Art in all its manifestations, will
constitute a portion of the contents; and Essays upon social subjects
will, as heretofore, be interspersed. Under the head of Table Talk
matters of current interest will be discussed, and facts of historic
value will be preserved. A Work of Fiction by some novelist of highest
position will run through the pages of the Magazine, and will be
illustrated by artists of known excellence. With a full sense of what is
involved in their promise, and with a firm resolution to abide by their
pledges, the Publishers undertake to spare no exertion that is necessary
to secure the highest class of contributions, to place the Magazine in
the first rank of serials, and to fit it to take its place on the table
and on the shelves of all classes of cultivated Englishmen._

⁂ _Now ready, the Volume for_ JANUARY _to_ JUNE, 1878, _cloth extra,
price 8s. 6d.; and Cases for binding, price 2s. each_.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 4to, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 31_s._ 6_d._


_Gillray the Caricaturist_:

    The Story of his Life and Times, with Anecdotal Descriptions of
    his Engravings. Edited by THOMAS WRIGHT, Esq., M.A., F.S.A. With
    83 full-page Plates, and numerous Wood Engravings.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth gilt and gilt edges, 7_s._ 6_d._


_The Golden Treasury of Thought_:

    AN ENCYCLOPÆDIA OF QUOTATIONS from Writers of all Times and
    Countries. Selected and Edited by THEODORE TAYLOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Square 16mo (Tauchnitz size), cloth extra, 2_s._ per volume


_The Golden Library_:

    _Bayard Taylor’s Diversions of the Echo Club._


_The Book of Clerical Anecdotes._


_Byron’s Don Juan._


_Carlyle (Thomas) on the Choice of Books._

    a Memoir. 1_s._ 6_d._


_Emerson’s Letters and Social Aims._


_Godwin’s (William) Lives of the Necromancers._


_Holmes’s Autocrat of the Breakfast Table._

    With an Introduction by G. A. SALA.


_Holmes’s Professor at the Breakfast Table._


_Hood’s Whims and Oddities._

    Complete. With all the original Illustrations.


_Irving’s (Washington) Tales of a Traveller._


_Irving’s (Washington) Tales of the Alhambra._


_Jesse’s (Edward) Scenes and Occupations of Country Life._


_Lamb’s Essays of Elia._

    Both Series Complete in One Vol.


_Leigh Hunt’s Essays_:

    A Tale for a Chimney Corner, and other Pieces. With Portrait,
    and Introduction by EDMUND OLLIER.


_Mallory’s (Sir Thomas) Mort d’Arthur_:

    The Stories of King Arthur and of the Knights of the Round
    Table. Edited by B. MONTGOMERIE RANKING.


_Pascal’s Provincial Letters._

    A New Translation, with Historical Introduction and Notes, by T.
    M’CRIE, D.D., LL.D.


_Pope’s Complete Poetical Works._


_Rochefoucauld’s Maxims and Moral Reflections._

    With Notes, and an Introductory Essay by SAINTE-BEUVE.


_St. Pierre’s Paul and Virginia, and the Indian Cottage._

    Edited, with Life, by the Rev. E. CLARKE.


_Shelley’s Early Poems and Queen Mab_,

    with Essay by LEIGH HUNT.


_Shelley’s Later Poems_:

    Laon and Cythna, &c.


_Shelley’s Posthumous Poems_,

    the Shelley Papers, &c.


_Shelley’s Prose Works_,

    including A Refutation of Deism, Zastrozzi, St. Irvyne, &c.


_White’s Natural History of Selborne._

    Edited, with additions, by THOMAS BROWN, F.L.S.

“_A series of excellently printed and carefully annotated volumes, handy
in size, and altogether attractive._”--BOOKSELLER.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth gilt, 6_s._


_Gosse’s King Erik_:

    A Tragedy. By EDMUND W. GOSSE. Vignette by W. B. SCOTT.

“_We have seldom seen so marked an advance in a second book beyond a
first. Its merits are solid and of a very high order._”--ACADEMY.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth gilt, 5_s._


_Gosse’s On Viol and Flute._

    Second Edition. With a Vignette by W. B. SCOTT.

       *       *       *       *       *

Half-bound, paper boards, 21_s._; or elegantly half-bound crimson
morocco, gilt, 25_s._


_The Graphic Portfolio._

    Fifty Engravings from “The Graphic,” most carefully printed on
    the finest plate paper (18 in. by 15 in.) from the Original
    Engravings. The Drawings are by S. L. FILDES, HELEN PATERSON,
    HUBERT HERKOMER, SYDNEY HALL, E. J. GREGORY, G. D. LESLIE, W.
    SMALL, G. DU MAURIER, Sir JOHN GILBERT, G. J. PINWELL, CHARLES
    GREEN, G. DURAND, M. E. EDWARDS, A. B. HOUGHTON, H. S. MARKS, F.
    W. LAWSON, H. WEIGALL, and others.

“_Contains some of the choicest specimens, both of drawing and
wood-engraving. Admirable in details and expression, and engraved with
rare delicacy._”--DAILY NEWS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 21_s._


_Greeks and Romans (The Life of the)_,

    Described from Antique monuments. By ERNST GUHL and W. KONER.
    Translated from the Third German Edition, and Edited by Dr. F.
    HUEFFER. With 545 Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Greenwood’s Low Life Deeps_:

    An Account of the Strange Fish to be found there; including “The
    Man and Dog Fight,” with much additional and confirmatory
    evidence; “With a Tally-Man,” “A Fallen Star,” “The Betting
    Barber,” “A Coal Marriage,” &c. By JAMES GREENWOOD. With
    Illustrations in tint by ALFRED CONCANEN.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 4_s._ 6_d._


_Guyot’s Earth and Man_;

    or, Physical Geography in its Relation to the History of
    Mankind. With Additions by Professors AGASSIZ, PIERCE, and GRAY.
    12 Maps and Engravings on Steel, some Coloured, and a copious
    Index.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Greenwood’s Wilds of London_:

    Descriptive Sketches, from Personal Observations and Experience,
    of Remarkable Scenes, People, and Places in London. By JAMES
    GREENWOOD. With 12 Tinted Illustrations by ALFRED CONCANEN.

“_Mr. James Greenwood presents himself once more in the character of
‘one whose delight it is to do his humble endeavour towards exposing and
extirpating social abuses and those hole-and-corner evils which afflict
society.’_”--SATURDAY REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

Large 4to, price ONE GUINEA, with 14 facsimile plates.


_The Grosvenor Gallery Illustrated Catalogue_--

    Winter Exhibition (1877-78) of Drawings by the Old Masters and
    Water-Colour Drawings by Deceased Artists of the British School.
    With a Critical Introduction by J. COMYNS CARR.

“_Turning to_ Mr. COMYNS CARR’S _essay on the drawings of the Italian
Masters, we may say that it is undeniably the most finished piece of
critical writing that has fallen from his hand_.”--ACADEMY.

“Mr. COMYNS CARR’S _Illustrated Catalogue of the Grosvenor Gallery
Exhibition of Drawings last year, with his admirable introduction and
careful photographic illustrations. It costs a guinea, and is worth a
great deal more. Exquisite alike in its text and its
illustrations._”--PUNCH.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 6_s._


_Hake’s New Symbols_:

    Poems. By THOMAS GORDON HAKE.

“_The entire book breathes a pure and ennobling influence, shows welcome
originality of idea and illustration, and yields the highest proof of
imaginative faculty and mature power of expression._”--ATHENÆUM.

       *       *       *       *       *

Medium 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Hall’s (Mrs. S. C.) Sketches of Irish Character._

    With numerous Illustrations on Steel and Wood by DANIEL MACLISE,
    Sir JOHN GILBERT, W. HARVEY, and G. CRUIKSHANK.

“_The Irish Sketches of this lady resemble Miss Mitford’s beautiful
English Sketches in ‘Our Village,’ but they are far more vigorous and
picturesque and bright._”--BLACKWOOD’S MAGAZINE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth limp, with Illustrations, 2_s._ 6_d._


_The House of Life_;

    HUMAN PHYSIOLOGY, with its Applications to the Preservation of
    Health. For use in Classes, and Popular Reading. With numerous
    Illustrations. By Mrs. F. FENWICK MILLER.

       *       *       *       *       *

Three Vols. royal 4to, cloth boards, £6 6_s._


_Historical Portraits_;

    Upwards of 430 Engravings of Rare Prints. Comprising the
    Collections of RODD, RICHARDSON, CAULFIELD, &c. With Descriptive
    Text to every Plate, giving a brief outline of the most
    important Historical and Biographical Facts and Dates connected
    with each Portrait, and references to original Authorities.

       *       *       *       *       *

Two Vols. royal 8vo, with Coloured Frontispieces, cloth extra, £2 5_s._


_Hope’s Costume of the Ancients._

    Illustrated in upwards of 320 Outline Engravings, containing
    Representations of Egyptian, Greek, and Roman Habits and
    Dresses.

“_The substance of many expensive works, containing all that may be
necessary to give to artists, and even to dramatic performers and to
others engaged in classical representations, an idea of ancient costumes
sufficiently ample to prevent their offending in their performances by
gross and obvious blunders._”

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Hood’s (Thomas) Choice Works_,

    In Prose and Verse. Including the CREAM OF THE COMIC ANNUALS.
    With Life of the Author, Portrait, and over Two Hundred original
    Illustrations.

“_Not only does the volume include the better-known poems by the author,
but also what is happily described as ‘the Cream of the Comic Annuals.’
Such delicious things as ‘Don’t you smell Fire?’ ‘The Parish
Revolution,’ and ‘Huggins and Duggins,’ will never want
readers._”--GRAPHIC.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Photographic Portrait, 6_s._


_Hood’s (Tom) Poems, Humorous and Pathetic._

    Edited, with a Memoir, by his Sister, FRANCES FREELING BRODERIP.

“_There are many poems in the volume which the very best judge might
well mistake for his father’s work._”--STANDARD.

       *       *       *       *       *

Square crown 8vo, in a handsome and specially-designed binding, gilt
edges, 6_s._


_Hood’s (Tom) From Nowhere to the North Pole_:

    A Noah’s Arkæological Narrative. With 25 Illustrations by W.
    BRUNTON and E. C. BARNES.

“_The amusing letterpress is profusely interspersed with the jingling
rhymes which children love and learn so easily. Messrs. Brunton and
Barnes do full justice to the writer’s meaning, and a pleasanter result
of the harmonious co-operation of author and artist could not be
desired._”--TIMES.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Hook’s (Theodore) Choice Humorous Works_,

    including his Ludicrous Adventures, Bons-mots, Puns, and Hoaxes.
    With a new Life of the Author, Portraits, Facsimiles, and
    Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, cloth extra, 12_s._ 6_d._


_Hueffer’s The Troubadours_:

    A History of Provençal Life and Literature in the Middle Ages.
    By FRANCIS HUEFFER.

“_This attractive volume deals in a very fresh and exact way with a most
interesting phase of culture and letters.... Mr. Hueffer claims for his
volume the praise of being the first adequate study on so famous a
subject as the Troubadours which has appeared in the English language;
and we believe that we must allow that he is right. His book will be
found exceedingly interesting and valuable.... It is a grateful task to
review a volume where so firm aground of scholarship is under our feet,
and where there is so little need to be on the watch for instances of
inaccuracy or want of knowledge.... Mr. Hueffer is to be congratulated
on a very important contribution to literature._”--EXAMINER.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Howell’s The Conflicts of Capital and Labour_,

    Historically and Economically considered. Being a History and
    Review of the Trade Unions of Great Britain, showing their
    Origin, Progress, Constitution, and Objects, in their Political,
    Social, Economical, and Industrial Aspects. By GEORGE HOWELL.

“_A complete account of trades unions, involving the most candid
statement of their objects and aspirations, their virtues and faults, is
of great value; and such Mr. Howell’s book will be found by those who
consult it.... Far from being the impassioned utterance of an advocate,
it is, on the contrary, a calm authoritative statement of facts, and the
expression of the views of the workmen and their leaders.... The book is
a storehouse of facts, some of them extremely well arranged.... His book
is of profound interest. We have no hesitation in giving it our hearty
praise._”--ECHO.

“_This book is an attempt, and on the whole a successful attempt, to
place the work of trade unions in the past, and their objects in the
future, fairly before the public from the working man’s point of
view._”--PALL MALL GAZETTE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Atlas folio, half morocco, gilt, £5 5_s._


_The Italian Masters_:

    Autotype Facsimiles of Original Drawings in the British Museum.
    With Critical and Descriptive Notes, Biographical and Artistic,
    by J. COMYNS CARR.

“_This splendid volume ... Mr. Carr’s choice of examples has been
dictated by wide knowledge and fine tact.... The majority have been
reproduced with remarkable accuracy. Of the criticism which accompanies
the drawings we have not hitherto spoken, but it is this which gives the
book its special value._”--PALL MALL GAZETTE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._


_Horne’s Orion_:

    An Epic Poem, in Three Books. By RICHARD HENGIST HORNE. Tenth
    Edition.

“_Orion will be admitted, by every man of genius, to be one of the
noblest, if not the very noblest, poetical work of the age. Its defects
are trivial and conventional, its beauties intrinsic and
supreme._”--EDGAR ALLAN POE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth extra, 6_s._


_Jeux d’Esprit_,

    Written and Spoken, of the Later Wits and Humourists. Collected
    and Edited by HENRY S. LEIGH.

“_This thoroughly congenial piece of work ... Mr. Leigh’s claim to
praise is threefold: he has performed the duty of taster with care and
judgment; he has restored many stolen or strayed bons-mots to their
rightful owners; and he has exercised his editorial functions delicately
and sparingly._”--DAILY TELEGRAPH.

       *       *       *       *       *

Two Vols. 8vo, with 52 Illustrations and Maps, cloth extra, gilt, 14_s._


_Josephus’s Complete Works._

    Translated by WHISTON. Containing both “The Antiquities of the
    Jews,” and “The Wars of the Jews.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth, full gilt, gilt edges, with Illustrations, 6_s._


_Kavanaghs’ Pearl Fountain_,

    And other Fairy Stories. By BRIDGET and JULIA KAVANAGH. With
    Thirty Illustrations by J. MOYR SMITH.

“_Genuine new fairy stories of the old type, some of them as delightful
as the best of Grimm’s ‘German Popular Stories.’... For the most part,
the stories are downright, thorough-going fairy stories of the most
admirable kind.... Mr. Moyr Smith’s illustrations, too, are admirable.
Look at that white rabbit. Anyone would see at the first glance that he
is a rabbit with a mind, and a very uncommon mind too--that he is a
fairy rabbit, and that he is posing as chief adviser to some
one--without reading even a word of the story. Again, notice the
fairy-like effect of the little picture of the fairy-bird
‘Don’t-forget-me,’ flying away back into fairy-land. A more perfectly
dream-like impression of fairy-land has hardly been given in any
illustration of fairy tales within our knowledge._”--SPECTATOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth extra, 5_s._


_Lamb’s Poetry for Children, and Prince Dorus._

    Carefully reprinted from unique copies.

“_The quaint and delightful little book, over the recovery of which all
the hearts of his lovers are yet warm with rejoicing._”--Mr. SWINBURNE,
in the ATHENÆUM.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth, full gilt, 6_s._ (uniform with “Boudoir Ballads.”)


_Leigh’s A Town Garland._

    By HENRY S. LEIGH, Author of “Carols of Cockayne.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Portraits, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Lamb’s Complete Works_,

    In Prose and Verse, reprinted from the Original Editions, with
    many Pieces hitherto unpublished. Edited, with Notes and
    Introduction, by R. H. SHEPHERD. With Two Portraits and
    Facsimile of a page of the “Essay on Roast Pig.”

“_A complete edition of Lamb’s writings, in prose and verse, has long
been wanted, and is now supplied. The editor appears to have taken great
pains to bring together Lamb’s scattered contributions, and his
collection contains a number of pieces which are now reproduced for the
first time since their original appearance in various old
periodicals._”--SATURDAY REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with numerous Illustrations, 10_s._ 6_d._


_Mary & Charles Lamb_:

    Their Poems, Letters, and Remains. With Reminiscences and Notes
    by W. CAREW HAZLITT. With HANCOCK’S Portrait of the Essayist,
    Facsimiles of the Title-pages of the rare First Editions of
    Lamb’s and Coleridge’s Works, and numerous Illustrations.

“_Very many passages will delight those fond of literary trifles; hardly
any Portion will fail in interest for lovers of Charles Lamb and his
sister._”--STANDARD.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, cloth extra, with Maps and Illustrations, 18_s._


_Lamont’s Yachting in the Arctic Seas_;

    or, Notes of Five Voyages of Sport and Discovery in the
    Neighbourhood of Spitzbergen and Novaya Zemlya. By JAMES LAMONT,
    F.R.G.S. With numerous full-page Illustrations by Dr. LIVESAY.

“_After wading through numberless volumes of icy fiction, concocted
narrative, and spurious biography of Arctic voyagers, it is pleasant to
meet with a real and genuine volume.... He shows much tact in recounting
his adventures, and they are so interspersed with anecdotes and
information as to make them anything but wearisome.... The book, as a
whole, is the most important addition made to our Arctic literature for
a long time._”--ATHENÆUM.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth, full gilt, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Latter-Day Lyrics_:

    Poems of Sentiment and Reflection by Living Writers; selected
    and arranged, with Notes, by W. DAVENPORT ADAMS. With a Note on
    some Foreign Forms of Verse, by AUSTIN DOBSON.

“_A useful and eminently attractive book._”--ATHENÆUM.

“_One of the most attractive drawing-room volumes we have seen for a
long time._”--NONCONFORMIST.

“_The volume is one that should find a place on the bookshelf of every
cultivated man or woman. The lyrics are chosen with rare taste and
perspicacity. Mr. Davenport Adams undoubtedly possesses the artistic art
of selection._”--LIVERPOOL COURIER.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 8_s._ 6_d._


_Lee’s More Glimpses of the World Unseen._

    Edited by the Rev. FREDERICK GEORGE LEE, D.C.L., Vicar of All
    Saints’, Lambeth; Editor of “The Other World; or, Glimpses of
    the Supernatural,” &c.

       *       *       *       *       *

In preparation, crown 8vo, cloth extra, illustrated, 10_s._ 6_d._


_Leisure-Time Studies._

    By Dr. ANDREW WILSON, F.R.P.S., &c., Lecturer on Zoology and
    Comparative Anatomy, Edinburgh School of Medicine; Examiner in
    Medicine, University of Glasgow, &c.

_The Volume will contain Chapters on the following among other
subjects--Biology and its Teachings--Science and Education--A Study of
Lower Life--Moot Points in Biology--Sea Serpents--Some Facts and
Fictions of Zoology--Animal Architects--The Law of Likeness--The
Distribution of Animals--The Origin of Nerves--Animal Development and
what it Teaches--Animals and their Environments, &c. &c._

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Life in London_;

    or, The History of Jerry Hawthorn and Corinthian Tom. With the
    whole of CRUIKSHANK’S Illustrations, in Colours, after the
    Originals.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Longfellow’s Complete Prose Works._

    Including “Outre Mer,” “Hyperion,” “Kavanagh,” “The Poets and
    Poetry of Europe,” and “Driftwood.” With Portrait and
    Illustrations by VALENTINE BROMLEY.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Longfellow’s Poetical Works._

    Carefully Reprinted from the Original Editions. With numerous
    fine Illustrations on Steel and Wood.

“_Mr. Longfellow has for many years been the best known and the most
read of American poets; and his popularity is of the right kind, and
rightly and fairly won. He has not stooped to catch attention by
artifice, nor striven to force it by violence. His works have faced the
test of parody and burlesque (which in these days is almost the common
lot of writings of any mark), and have come off unharmed._”--SATURDAY
REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

Second Edition, crown 8vo, cloth extra, 5_s._


_MacColl’s Three Years of the Eastern Question._

    By the Rev. MALCOLM MACCOLL, M.A.

“_I hope I shall not seem obtrusive in expressing to you the pleasure
with which I have read your “Three Years of the Eastern Question.” The
tide is running so hard against the better cause just now that one feels
specially impelled to offer one’s thanks to those who stand firm,
particularly when they state our case so admirably as you
have._”--GOLDWIN SMITH.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small crown 8vo, cloth extra, 4_s._ 6_d._


_Linton’s Joshua Davidson_,

    Christian and Communist. By E. LYNN LINTON. Sixth Edition, with
    a New Preface.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE FRASER PORTRAITS.--Demy 4to, cloth gilt and gilt edges, with 83
characteristic Portraits, 31_s._ 6_d._


_Maclise’s Gallery of Illustrious Literary Characters._

    With Notes by Dr. MAGINN. Edited, with copious Additional Notes,
    by WILLIAM BATES, B.A.

“_One of the most interesting volumes of this year’s
literature._”--TIMES.

“_Deserves a place on every drawing-room table, and may not unfitly be
removed from the drawing-room to the library._”--SPECTATOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 2_s._ 6_d._


_Madre Natura_ v. _The Moloch of Fashion_.

    By LUKE LIMNER. With 32 Illustrations by the Author. FOURTH
    EDITION, revised and enlarged.

“_Agreeably written and amusingly illustrated. Common sense and
erudition are brought to bear on the subjects discussed in
it._”--LANCET.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 6_s._


_Lights on the Way_:

    Some Tales within a Tale. By the late J. H. ALEXANDER, B.A.
    Edited, with an Explanatory Note, by H. A. PAGE, Author of
    “Thoreau: a Study.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Handsomely printed in facsimile, price 5_s._


_Magna Charta._

    An exact Facsimile of the Original Document in the British
    Museum, printed on fine plate paper, nearly 3 feet long by 2
    feet wide, with the Arms and Seals of the Barons emblazoned in
    Gold and Colours.

⁂ A full Translation, with Notes, on a large sheet, 6_d._

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Maid of Norway (The)._

    Translated from the German by Mrs. BIRKBECK. With Pen and Ink
    Sketches of Norwegian Scenery.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Mark Twain’s Adventures of Tom Sawyer._

    With One Hundred Illustrations.

“_A book to be read. There is a certain freshness and novelty about it,
a practically romantic character, so to speak, which will make it very
attractive._”--SPECTATOR.

⁂ Also a Popular Edition, post 8vo, illustrated boards, 2s.

       *       *       *       *       *

_NEW COPYRIGHT WORK BY MARK TWAIN._

Post 8vo, illustrated boards, 2_s._


_An Idle Excursion, and other Papers._

    By MARK TWAIN.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._

_Mark Twain’s Choice Works._

    Revised and Corrected throughout by the Author. With Life,
    Portrait, and numerous Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Post 8vo, illustrated boards, 2_s._


_Mark Twain’s Pleasure Trip on the Continent of Europe._

    (“The Innocents Abroad,” and “The New Pilgrim’s Progress.”)

       *       *       *       *       *

Two Vols. crown 8vo, cloth extra, 18_s._


_Marston’s (Dr. Westland) Dramatic and Poetical Works._

    Collected Library Edition.

“_The ‘Patrician’s Daughter’ is an oasis in the desert of modern
dramatic literature, a real emanation of mind. We do not recollect any
modern work in which states of thought are so freely developed, except
the ‘Torquato Tasso’ of Goethe. The play is a work of art in the same
sense that a play of Sophocles is a work of art; it is one simple idea
in a state of gradual development.... ‘The Favourite of Fortune’ is one
of the most important additions to the stock of English prose comedy
that has been made during the present century._”--TIMES.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 8_s._


_Marston’s (Philip B.) All in All_:

    Poems and Sonnets.

       *       *       *       *       *

Handsomely half-bound, India Proofs, royal folio, £10; Large Paper
copies, Artists’ India Proofs, elephant folio, £20.


_Modern Art_:

    A Series of superb Line Engravings, from the Works of
    Distinguished Painters of the English and Foreign Schools,
    selected from Galleries and Private Collections in Great
    Britain. With descriptive Text by JAMES DAFFORNE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, gilt edges, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Muses of Mayfair_:

    Vers de Société of the Nineteenth Century. Including Selections
    from TENNYSON, BROWNING, SWINBURNE, ROSSETTI, JEAN INGELOW,
    LOCKER, INGOLDSBY, HOOD, LYTTON, C. S. C., LANDOR, AUSTIN
    DOBSON, &c. Edited by H. C. PENNELL.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 8_s._


_Marston’s (Philip B.) Song Tide_,

    And other Poems. Second Edition.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 6_s._


_The New Republic_;

    or, Culture, Faith, and Philosophy in an English Country House.
    By W. H. MALLOCK.

“_The great charm of the book lies in the clever and artistic way the
dialogue is managed, and the diverse and various expedients by which,
whilst the love of thought on every page is kept at a high pitch, it
never loses its realistic aspect.... It is giving high praise to a work
of this sort to say that it absolutely needs to be taken as a whole, and
that disjointed extracts here and there would entirely fail to convey
any idea of the artistic unity, the careful and conscientious sequence
of what is evidently the brilliant outcome of much patient thought and
study.... Enough has now been said to recommend these volumes to any
reader who desires something above the usual novel, something which will
open up lanes of thought in his own mind, and insensibly introduce a
higher standard into his daily life.... Here is novelty indeed, as well
as originality, and to anyone who can appreciate or understand ‘The New
Republic’ it cannot fail to be a rare treat._”--OBSERVER.

       *       *       *       *       *

Square 8vo, cloth extra, with numerous Illustrations, 9_s._


_North Italian Folk._

    By Mrs. COMYNS CARR. With Illustrations by RANDOLPH CALDECOTT.

“_A delightful book, of a kind which is far too rare. If anyone wants to
really know the North Italian folk, we can honestly advise him to omit
the journey, and sit down to read Mrs. Carr’s pages instead....
Description with Mrs. Carr is a real gift.... It is rarely that a book
is so happily illustrated._”--CONTEMPORARY REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

_MOORE’S HITHERTO UNCOLLECTED WRITINGS._

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Frontispiece, 9_s._


_Prose and Verse--Humorous, Satirical,

    and Sentimental--by THOMAS MOORE._ Including Suppressed Passages
    from the Memoirs of Lord Byron. Chiefly from the Author’s MSS.,
    and all hitherto Inedited and Uncollected. Edited, with Notes,
    by RICHARD HERNE SHEPHERD.

“_Hitherto Thomas Moore has been mostly regarded as one of the lighter
writers merely--a sentimental poet_ par excellence, _in whom the
‘rapture of love and of wine’ determined him strictly to certain modes
of sympathy and of utterance, and these to a large extent of a slightly
artificial character. This volume will serve to show him in other, and
certainly as attractive, aspects, while, at the same time, enabling us
to a considerable extent to see how faithfully he developed himself on
the poetical or fanciful side.... This is a book which claims, as it
ought to obtain, various classes of readers, and we trust that the very
mixed elements of interest in it may not conflict with its obtaining
them. For the lightest reader there is much to enjoy; for the most
thoughtful something to ponder over; and the thanks of both are due to
editor and publisher alike_.”--NONCONFORMIST.

       *       *       *       *       *

_NEW WORK by the Author of “THE NEW REPUBLIC.”_

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 3_s._ 6_d._


_The New Paul and Virginia_;

    or, Positivism on an Island. By W. H. MALLOCK, Author of “The
    New Republic.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Vignette Portraits, price 6_s._ per Vol.


_The Old Dramatists_:


_Ben Jonson’s Works._

    With Notes, Critical and Explanatory, and a Biographical Memoir
    by WILLIAM GIFFORD. Edited by Col. CUNNINGHAM. Three Vols.


_Chapman’s Works._

    Now First Collected. Complete in Three Vols. Vol. I. contains
    the Plays complete, including the doubtful ones; Vol. II. the
    Poems and Minor Translations, with an Introductory Essay by
    ALGERNON CHARLES SWINBURNE; Vol. III. the Translations of the
    Iliad and Odyssey.


_Marlowe’s Works._

    Including his Translations. Edited, with Notes and Introduction,
    by Col. CUNNINGHAM. One Vol.


_Massinger’s Plays._

    From the Text of WILLIAM GIFFORD. With the addition of the
    Tragedy of “Believe as you List.” Edited by Col. CUNNINGHAM. One
    Vol.

       *       *       *       *       *

Fcap. 8vo, cloth extra, 6_s._


_O’Shaughnessy’s (Arthur) An Epic of Women_,

    and other Poems. Second Edition.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 10_s._ 6_d._


_O’Shaughnessy’s Lays of France._

    (Founded on the “Lays of Marie.”) Second Edition.

       *       *       *       *       *

Fcap. 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._


_O’Shaughnessy’s Music and Moonlight_:

    Poems and Songs.


Crown 8vo, illustrated boards, with numerous Plates, 2_s._ 6_d._

    _Old Point Lace, and How to Copy and Imitate It._ By DAISY
    WATERHOUSE HAWKINS. With 17 Illustrations by the Author.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, carefully printed on creamy paper, and tastefully bound in
cloth for the Library, price 6_s._ each.


_The Piccadilly Novels_:

    +Popular Stories by the Best Authors.+


  _Antonina._                 By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by Sir J. GILBERT and ALFRED CONCANEN.


  _Basil._                    By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by Sir JOHN GILBERT and J. MAHONEY.


  _Hide and Seek._            By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by Sir JOHN GILBERT and J. MAHONEY.


  _The Dead Secret._          By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by Sir JOHN GILBERT and H. FURNISS.


  _Queen of Hearts._          By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by Sir J. GILBERT and A. CONCANEN.


  _My Miscellanies._          By WILKIE COLLINS.

  With Steel Portrait, and Illustrations by A. CONCANEN.


  _The Woman in White._       By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by Sir J. GILBERT and F. A. FRASER.


  _The Moonstone._            By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by G. DU MAURIER and F. A. FRASER.


  _Man and Wife._             By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by WILLIAM SMALL.


  _Poor Miss Finch._          By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by G. DU MAURIER and EDWARD HUGHES.


  _Miss or Mrs.?_             By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by S. L. FILDES and HENRY WOODS.


  _The New Magdalen._         By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by G. DU MAURIER and C. S. RANDS.


  _The Frozen Deep._          By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by G. DU MAURIER and J. MAHONEY.


  _The Law and the Lady._     By WILKIE COLLINS.

  Illustrated by S. L. FILDES and SYDNEY HALL.


  _The Two Destinies._        By WILKIE COLLINS.

⁂ Also a POPULAR EDITION of WILKIE COLLINS’S NOVELS, post 8vo,
illustrated boards, 2s. each.


  _Felicia._                  By M. BETHAM-EDWARDS

  With a Frontispiece by W. BOWLES.

“_A noble novel. Its teaching is elevated, its story is sympathetic, and
the kind of feeling its perusal leaves behind is that more ordinarily
derived from music or poetry than from prose fiction. Few works in
modern fiction stand as high in our estimation as this._”--SUNDAY TIMES.


_Olympia._                    By R. E. FRANCILLON.


_Under the Greenwood Tree._   By THOMAS HARDY.


_Fated To Be Free._           By JEAN INGELOW.


_The Queen of Connaught._     By HARRIETT JAY.


_The Dark Colleen._           By HARRIETT JAY.

“_A novel which possesses the rare and valuable quality of novelty....
The scenery will be strange to most readers, and in many passages the
aspects of Nature are very cleverly described. Moreover, the book is a
study of a very curious and interesting state of society. A novel which
no novel-reader should miss, and which people who generally shun novels
may enjoy._”--SATURDAY REVIEW.


_Patricia Kemball._           By E. LYNN LINTON.

    With Frontispiece by G. DU MAURIER.

“_Displays genuine humour, as well as keen social observation. Enough
graphic portraiture and witty observation to furnish materials for
half-a-dozen novels of the ordinary kind._”--SATURDAY REVIEW.


_The Atonement of Leam Dundas._ By E. LYNN LINTON.

    With a Frontispiece by HENRY WOODS.

“_In her narrowness and her depth, in her boundless loyalty, her
self-forgetting Passion, that exclusiveness of love which is akin to
cruelty, and the fierce humility which is vicarious pride, Leam Dundas
is a striking figure. In one quality the authoress has in some measure
surpassed herself._”--PALL MALL GAZ.


_The Waterdale Neighbours._   By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_My Enemy’s Daughter._        By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_Linley Rochford._            By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_A Fair Saxon._               By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_Dear Lady Disdain._          By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_The Evil Eye, and other Stories._ By KATHARINE S. MACQUOID.

    Illustrated by THOMAS R. MACQUOID and PERCY MACQUOID.

“_Cameos delicately, if not very minutely or vividly, wrought, and quite
finished enough to give a pleasurable sense of artistic ease and
faculty. A word of commendation is merited by the
illustrations._”--ACADEMY.


_Number Seventeen._           By HENRY KINGSLEY.


_Oakshott Castle._            By HENRY KINGSLEY.

    With a Frontispiece by SHIRLEY HODSON.

“_A brisk and clear north wind of sentiment--sentiment that braces
instead of enervating--blows through all his works, and makes all their
readers at once healthier and more glad._”--SPECTATOR.


_Open! Sesame!_               By FLORENCE MARRYAT.

    Illustrated by F. A. FRASER.

“_A story which arouses and sustains the reader’s interest to a higher
degree than, perhaps, any of its author’s former works._”--GRAPHIC.


_Whiteladies._                By Mrs. OLIPHANT.

    With Illustrations by A. HOPKINS and H. WOODS.

_“A pleasant and readable book, written with practical ease and
grace.”_--TIMES.


_The Best of Husbands._       By JAMES PAYN.

    Illustrated by J. MOYR SMITH.


_Fallen Fortunes._            By JAMES PAYN.


_Halves._ By JAMES PAYN.

    With a Frontispiece by J. MAHONEY.


_Walter’s Word._              By JAMES PAYN.

    Illustrated by J. MOYR SMITH.


_What he Cost her._           By JAMES PAYN.

“_His novels are always commendable in the sense of art. They also
possess another distinct claim to our liking: the girls in them are
remarkably charming and true to nature, as most people, we believe, have
the good fortune to observe nature represented by girls._”--SPECTATOR.


_Her Mother’s Darling._       By Mrs. J. H. RIDDELL.


_The Way we Live Now._        By ANTHONY TROLLOPE.

    With Illustrations.


_The American Senator._       By ANTHONY TROLLOPE.

“_Mr. Trollope has a true artist’s idea of tone, of colour, of harmony:
his pictures are one, and seldom out of drawing; he never strains after
effect, is fidelity itself in expressing English life, is never guilty
of caricature._”--FORTNIGHTLY REVIEW.


_Diamond Cut Diamond._        By T. A. TROLLOPE.

“_Full of life, of interest, of close observation, and sympathy.... When
Mr. Trollope paints a scene it is sure to be a scene worth
painting._”--SATURDAY REVIEW.


_Bound to the Wheel._         By JOHN SAUNDERS.


_Guy Waterman._               By JOHN SAUNDERS.


_One Against the World._      By JOHN SAUNDERS.


_The Lion in the Path._       By JOHN SAUNDERS.

“_A carefully written and beautiful story--a story of goodness and
truth, which is yet as interesting as though it dealt with the opposite
qualities.... The author of this really clever story has been at great
pains to work out all its details with elaborate conscientiousness, and
the result is a very vivid picture of the ways of life and habits of
thought of a hundred and fifty years ago.... Certainly a very
interesting book._”--TIMES.


_Ready-Money Mortiboy._       By W. BESANT and JAMES RICE.


_My Little Girl._             By W. BESANT and JAMES RICE.


_The Case of Mr. Lucraft._    By W. BESANT and JAMES RICE.


_This Son of Vulcan._         By W. BESANT and JAMES RICE.


_With Harp and Crown._        By W. BESANT and JAMES RICE.

_The Golden Butterfly._       By W. BESANT and JAMES RICE.

    With a Frontispiece by F. S. WALKER.

    “_‘The Golden Butterfly’ will certainly add to the happiness of
    mankind, for defy anybody to read it with a gloomy
    countenance._”--TIMES.

       *       *       *       *       *

_NEW NOVEL BY JUSTIN McCARTHY._

Two vols. 8vo, cloth extra, Illustrated, 21_s._, the THIRD EDITION of


_Miss Misanthrope_.

    By JUSTIN MCCARTHY, Author of “Dear Lady Disdain,” &c. With 12
    Illustrations by ARTHUR HOPKINS.

“_In ‘Miss Misanthrope’ Mr. McCarthy has added a new and delightful
portrait to his gallery of Englishwomen.... It is a novel which may be
sipped like choice wine; it is one to linger over and ponder; to be
enjoyed like fine, sweet air, or good company, for it is pervaded by a
perfume of honesty and humour, of high feeling, of kindly penetrating
humour, of good sense, and wide knowledge of the world, of a mind richly
cultivated and amply stored. There is scarcely a page in these volumes
in which we do not find some fine remark or felicitous reflection of
piercing, yet gentle and indulgent irony._”--DAILY NEWS.

       *       *       *       *       *

_MRS. LINTON’S NEW NOVEL._

Two Vols. 8vo, cloth extra, Illustrated, 21_s._, the SECOND EDITION of


_The World Well Lost_.

    By E. LYNN LINTON, Author of “Patricia Kemball,” &c. With 12
    Illustrations by HENRY FRENCH and J. LAWSON.

“_If Mrs. Linton had not already won a place among our foremost living
novelists, she would have been entitled to it by her latest work of
fiction--a book of singularly high and varied merit. The story rivets
the attention of the reader at the outset, and holds him absorbed until
the close._”--SCOTSMAN.

       *       *       *       *       *

_MR. JAMES PAYN’S NEW NOVEL._

Two Vols., 8vo, cloth extra, Illustrated, 21_s._, the SECOND EDITION of


_By Proxy_.

    By JAMES PAYN, Author of “Walter’s Word,” &c. With 12
    Illustrations by ARTHUR HOPKINS.

“_One of the most racy and entertaining of English
novels._”--ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

       *       *       *       *       *

_NEW NOVEL BY MR. JAMES GRANT._

Three Vols., crown 8vo.


_The Lord Hermitage._

    By JAMES GRANT, Author of “The Romance of War,” &c.

       *       *       *       *       *

_OUIDA’S NEW NOVEL._

Now ready, in Three Vols., crown 8vo.


_Friendship_:

    A Story of Society. By OUIDA.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, red cloth, extra, 5_s._ each.


_Ouida’s Novels.--Uniform Edition._


_Held in Bondage._            By OUIDA.


_Strathmore._                 By OUIDA.


_Chandos._                    By OUIDA.


_Under Two Flags._            By OUIDA.


_Idalia._                     By OUIDA.


_Tricotrin._                  By OUIDA.


_Cecil Castlemaine’s Gage._   By OUIDA.


_Puck._                       By OUIDA.


_Folle Farine._               By OUIDA.


_Dog of Flanders._            By OUIDA.


_Pascarel._                   By OUIDA.


_Two Wooden Shoes._           By OUIDA.


_Signa._                      By OUIDA.


_In a Winter City._           By OUIDA.


_Ariadnê._                    By OUIDA.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 3_s._ 6_d._


_The Prince of Argolis_:

    A Story of the Old Greek Fairy Time. By J. MOYR SMITH. With 130
    Illustrations by the Author.

       *       *       *       *       *

Post 8vo, illustrated boards, 2_s._ each.


_Cheap Editions of Popular Novels._

[WILKIE COLLINS’ NOVELS may also be had in cloth limp at 2_s._ 6_d._
_See, too, the_ PICCADILLY NOVELS, _for Library Editions_.]


_The Woman in White._         By WILKIE COLLINS.


_Antonina._                   By WILKIE COLLINS.


_Basil._                      By WILKIE COLLINS.


_Hide and Seek._              By WILKIE COLLINS.


_The Dead Secret._            By WILKIE COLLINS.


_The Queen of Hearts._        By WILKIE COLLINS.


_My Miscellanies._            By WILKIE COLLINS.


_The Moonstone._              By WILKIE COLLINS.


_Man and Wife._               By WILKIE COLLINS.


_Poor Miss Finch._            By WILKIE COLLINS.


_Miss or Mrs.?_               By WILKIE COLLINS.


_The New Magdalen._           By WILKIE COLLINS.


_The Frozen Deep._            By WILKIE COLLINS.


_The Law and the Lady._       By WILKIE COLLINS.


_Gaslight and Daylight._      By GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA.


_The Waterdale Neighbours._   By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_My Enemy’s Daughter._        By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_Linley Rochford._            By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_A Fair Saxon._               By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_Dear Lady Disdain._          By JUSTIN MCCARTHY.


_An Idle Excursion._          By MARK TWAIN.


_The Adventures of Tom Sawyer._ By MARK TWAIN.


_Pleasure Trip on the Continent of Europe._ By MARK TWAIN.


_Oakshott Castle._            By HENRY KINGSLEY.


_Bound to the Wheel._         By JOHN SAUNDERS.


_Guy Waterman._               By JOHN SAUNDERS.


_One Against the World._      By JOHN SAUNDERS.


_The Lion in the Path._       By JOHN and KATHERINE SAUNDERS.


_Surly Tim._                  By the Author of “That Lass o’ Lowrie’s.”


_Under the Greenwood Tree._   By THOMAS HARDY.


_Ready-Money Mortiboy._       By WALTER BESANT and JAMES RICE.


_The Golden Butterfly._       By Authors of “Ready-Money Mortiboy.”


_This Son of Vulcan._         By the Authors of “Ready-Money Mortiboy.”


_My Little Girl._             By the Authors of “Ready-Money Mortiboy.”


_The Case of Mr. Lucraft._ Authors of “Ready-Money Mortiboy.”


_With Harp and Crown._ Authors of “Ready-Money Mortiboy.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Two Vols. 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 10_s._ 6_d._


_Plutarch’s Lives of Illustrious Men._

    Translated from the Greek, with Notes Critical and Historical,
    and a Life of Plutarch, by JOHN and WILLIAM LANGHORNE. New
    Edition, with Medallion Portraits.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Portrait and Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Poe’s Choice Prose and Poetical Works._

    With BAUDELAIRE’S “Essay.”

“_Poe stands as much alone among verse-writers as Salvator Rosa among
painters._”--SPECTATOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, Illustrated, 7_s._ 6_d._


_The Life of Edgar Allan Poe._

    By WILLIAM F. GILL. With numerous Illustrations and Facsimiles.

       *       *       *       *       *

Demy 8vo, cloth extra, 12_s._ 6_d._


_Proctor’s Myths and Marvels of Astronomy._

    By RICHARD A. PROCTOR, Author of “Other Worlds than Ours,” &c.

“_Mr. Proctor, who is well and widely known for his faculty of
popularising the latest results of the science of which he is a master,
has brought together in these fascinating chapters a curious collection
of popular beliefs concerning divination by the stars, the influences of
the moon, the destination of the comets, the constellation figures, and
the habitation of other worlds than ours._”--DAILY NEWS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 5_s._


_Prometheus the Fire-Giver_:

    An attempted Restoration of the Lost First Part of the Trilogy
    of Æschylus.

“_Another illustration of that classical revival which is due in no
small degree to the influence of Mr. Swinburne.... Much really fine
writing, and much appreciation of the Æschylean spirit._”--HOME NEWS.

“_Well written in parts--soft, spirited, and vigorous, according to
requirement._”--ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

       *       *       *       *       *

In Two Series, small 4to, blue and gold, gilt edges, 6_s._ each.


_Puniana_;

    or, Thoughts Wise and Other-Why’s. A New Collection of Riddles,
    Conundrums, Jokes, Sells, &c. In Two Series, each containing
    3000 of the best Riddles, 10,000 most outrageous Puns, and
    upwards of Fifty beautifully executed Drawings by the Editor,
    the Hon. HUGH ROWLEY. Each Series is Complete in itself.

“_A witty, droll, and most amusing work, profusely and elegantly
illustrated._”--STANDARD.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Portrait and Facsimile, 12_s._ 6_d._


_The Final Reliques of Father Prout._

    Collected and Edited, from MSS. supplied by the family of the
    Rev. FRANCIS MAHONY, by BLANCHARD JERROLD.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, 7_s._ 6_d._

       *       *       *       *       *

_The Pursuivant of Arms_;

    or, Heraldry founded upon Facts. A Popular Guide to the Science
    of Heraldry. By J. R. PLANCHÉ, Esq., Somerset Herald. With
    Coloured Frontispiece, Plates, and 200 Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._

       *       *       *       *       *

_Rabelais’ Works._

    Faithfully Translated from the French, with variorum Notes, and
    numerous Characteristic Illustrations by GUSTAVE DORÉ.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth gilt, with numerous Illustrations, and a beautifully
executed Chart of the various Spectra, 7_s._ 6_d._, a New Edition of


_Rambosson’s Astronomy._

    By J. RAMBOSSON, Laureate of the Institute of France. Translated
    by C. B. PITMAN. Profusely Illustrated.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 6_s._


_Red-Spinner’s By Stream and Sea_:

    A Book for Wanderers and Anglers. By WILLIAM SENIOR
    (RED-SPINNER).

“_Mr. Senior has long been known as an interesting and original
essayist. He is a keen observer, a confessed lover of ‘the gentle
sport,’ and combines with a fine picturesque touch a quaint and
efficient humour. All these qualities come out in a most attractive
manner in this delightful volume.... It is pre-eminently a bright and
breezy book, full of nature and odd out-of-the-way references.... We can
conceive of no better book for the holiday tour or the
seaside._”--NONCONFORMIST.

“_Very delightful reading; just the sort of book which an angler or a
rambler will be glad to have in the side pocket of his jacket.
Altogether, ‘By Stream and Sea’ is one of the best books of its kind
which we have come across for many a long day._”--OXFORD UNIVERSITY
HERALD.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Memoirs of the Sanson Family_:

    Seven Generations of Executioners. By HENRI SANSON. Translated
    from the French, with Introduction, by CAMILLE BARRÈRE.

“_A faithful translation of this curious work, which will certainly
repay perusal--not on the ground of its being full of horrors, for the
original author seems to be rather ashamed of the technical aspect of
his profession, and is commendably reticent as to its details, but
because it contains a lucid account of the most notable causes célèbres
from the time of Louis XIV. to a period within the memory of persons
still living.... Can scarcely fail to be extremely
entertaining._”--DAILY TELEGRAPH.

       *       *       *       *       *

Handsomely printed, price 5_s._


_The Roll of Battle Abbey_;

    or, A List of the Principal Warriors who came over from Normandy
    with William the Conqueror, and Settled in this Country, A.D.
    1066-7. Printed on fine plate paper, nearly three feet by two,
    with the principal Arms emblazoned in Gold and Colours.

       *       *       *       *       *

In 4to, very handsomely printed, extra gold cloth, 12_s._


_The Roll of Caerlaverock._

    The Oldest Heraldic Roll; including the Original Anglo-Norman
    Poem, and an English Translation of the MS. in the British
    Museum. By THOMAS WRIGHT, M.A. The Arms emblazoned in Gold and
    Colours.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, profusely Illustrated, 4_s._ 6_d._ each.


_The “Secret Out” Series._


_The Art of Amusing_:

    A Collection of Graceful Arts, Games, Tricks, Puzzles, and
    Charades. By FRANK BELLEW. 300 Illustrations.


_Hanky-Panky_:

    Very Easy Tricks, Very Difficult Tricks, White Magic, Sleight of
    Hand. Edited by W. H. CREMER. 200 Illustrations.


_Magician’s Own Book_:

    Performances with Cups and Balls, Eggs, Hats, Handkerchiefs, &c.
    All from Actual Experience. Edited by W. H. CREMER. 200
    Illustrations.


_Magic No Mystery_:

    Tricks with Cards, Dice, Balls, &c., with fully descriptive
    Directions; the Art of Secret Writing; the Training of
    Performing Animals, &c. With Coloured Frontispiece and many
    Illustrations.


_The Merry Circle_:

    A Book of New Intellectual Games and Amusements. By CLARA
    BELLEW. Many Illustrations.


_The Secret Out_:

    One Thousand Tricks with Cards, and other Recreations; with
    Entertaining Experiments in Drawing-room or “White Magic.” By W.
    H. CREMER. 300 Engravings.

       *       *       *       *       *

_NEW VOLUME OF THE “SECRET OUT” SERIES._

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with numerous Plates, 4_s._ 6_d._


_The Pyrotechnist’s Treasury_;

    or, Complete Art of Making Fireworks. By THOMAS KENTISH.

       *       *       *       *       *

Post 8vo, with Illustrations, cloth extra, gilt edges, 18_s._


_The Lansdowne Shakespeare._

    Beautifully printed in red and black, in small but very clear
    type. With engraved facsimile of DROESHOUT’S Portrait, and 37
    beautiful Steel Plates, after STOTHARD.

       *       *       *       *       *

In reduced facsimile, small 8vo, half Roxburghe, 10_s._ 6_d._


_The First Folio Shakespeare._

    Mr. WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE’S Comedies, Histories, and Tragedies.
    Published according to the true Originall Copies. London,
    Printed by ISAAC IAGGARD and ED. BLOUNT, 1623.--An exact
    Reproduction of the extremely rare original, in reduced
    facsimile by a photographic process--ensuring the strictest
    accuracy in every detail. _A full Prospectus will be sent upon
    application._

“_To Messrs. Chatto and Windus belongs the merit of having done more to
facilitate the critical study of the text of our great dramatist than
all the Shakespeare clubs and societies put together. A complete
facsimile of the celebrated First Folio edition of 1623 for
half-a-guinea is at once a miracle of cheapness and enterprise. Being in
a reduced form, the type is necessarily rather diminutive, but it is as
distinct as in a genuine copy of the original, and will be found to be
as useful and far more handy to the student than the
latter._”--ATHENÆUM.

       *       *       *       *       *

Two Vols. crown 8vo, cloth extra, 18_s._


_The School of Shakspere._

    Including “The Life and Death of Captain Thomas Stukeley,” with
    a New Life of Stucley, from Unpublished Sources; “Nobody and
    Somebody,” “Histriomastix,” “The Prodigal Son,” “Jack Drum’s
    Entertainement,” “A Warning for Fair Women,” with Reprints of
    the Accounts of the Murder; and “Faire Em.” Edited, with
    Introductions and Notes, and an Account of Robert Green and his
    Quarrels with Shakspere, by RICHARD SIMPSON, B.A., Author of
    “The Philosophy of Shakspere’s Sonnets,” “The Life of Campion,”
    &c. With an Introduction by F. J. FURNIVALL.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Signboards_:

    Their History. With Anecdotes of Famous Taverns and Remarkable
    Characters. By JACOB LARWOOD and JOHN CAMDEN HOTTEN. With nearly
    100 Illustrations.

“_Even if we were ever so maliciously inclined, we could not pick out
all Messrs. Larwood and Hotten’s plums, because the good things are so
numerous as to defy the most wholesale depredation._”--TIMES.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, 6_s._ 6_d._


_The Slang Dictionary_:

    Etymological, Historical, and Anecdotal. An ENTIRELY NEW
    EDITION, revised throughout, and considerably Enlarged.

“_We are glad to see the Slang Dictionary reprinted and enlarged. From a
high scientific point of view this book is not to be despised. Of course
it cannot fail to be amusing also. It contains the very vocabulary of
unrestrained humour, and oddity, and grotesqueness. In a word, it
provides valuable material both for the student of language and the
student of human nature._”--ACADEMY.

       *       *       *       *       *

Exquisitely printed in miniature, cloth extra, gilt edges, 2_s._ 6_d._

_The Smoker’s Text-Book._

    By J. HAMER, F.R.S.L.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with 10 full-page Tinted Illustrations,
7_s._ 6_d._


_Sheridan’s Complete Works_,

    with Life and Anecdotes. Including his Dramatic Writings,
    printed from the Original Editions, his Works in Prose and
    Poetry, Translations, Speeches, Jokes, Puns, &c.; with a
    Collection of Sheridaniana.

“_The editor has brought together within a manageable compass not only
the seven plays by which Sheridan is best known, but a collection also
of his poetical pieces which are less familiar to the public, sketches
of unfinished dramas, selections from his reported witticisms, and
extracts from his principal speeches. To these is prefixed a short but
well-written memoir, giving the chief facts in Sheridan’s literary and
political career; so that, with this volume in his hand, the student may
consider himself tolerably well furnished with all that is necessary for
a general comprehension of the subject of it._”--PALL MALL GAZETTE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 4to, uniform with “Chaucer for Children,” with Coloured
Illustrations, cloth gilt, 10_s._ 6_d._


_Spenser for Children._

    By M. H. TOWRY. With Illustrations in Colours by WALTER J.
    MORGAN.

“_Spenser has simply been transferred into plain prose, with here and
there a line or stanza quoted, where the meaning and the diction are
within a child’s comprehension, and additional point is thus given to
the narrative without the cost of obscurity.... Altogether the work has
been well and carefully done._”--THE TIMES.

       *       *       *       *       *

Imperial 4to, containing 150 beautifully-finished full-page Engravings
and Nine Vignettes, all tinted, and some illuminated in gold and
colours, half-morocco, £9 9_s._


_Stothard’s Monumental Effigies of Great Britain._

    With Historical Description and Introduction by JOHN KEMPE,
    F.S.A. A NEW EDITION, with a large body of Additional Notes by
    JOHN HEWITT.

⁂ A few Large Paper copies, royal folio, with the arms illuminated in
gold and colours, and the plates very carefully finished in
body-colours, heightened with gold in the very finest style,
half-morocco, £15 15_s._

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 9_s._


_Stedman’s Victorian Poets_:

    Critical Essays. By EDMUND CLARENCE STEDMAN.

“_We ought to be thankful to those who do critical work with competent
skill and understanding, with honesty of purpose, and with diligence and
thoroughness of execution. And Mr. Stedman, having chosen to work in
this line, deserves the thanks of English scholars by these qualities
and by something more; ... he is faithful, studious, and
discerning._”--SATURDAY REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Mr. Swinburne’s Works_:


_The Queen Mother and Rosamond._

    Fcap. 8vo, 5_s._


_Atalanta in Calydon._

    A New Edition. Crown 8vo, 6_s._


_Chastelard._

    A Tragedy. Crown 8vo, 7_s._


_Poems and Ballads._

    Fcap. 8vo, 9_s._ Also in crown 8vo, at same price.


_Notes on “Poems and Ballads.”_

    8vo, 1_s._


_William Blake_:

    A Critical Essay. With Facsimile Paintings. Demy 8vo, 16_s._


_Songs before Sunrise._

    Crown 8vo, 10_s._ 6_d._


_Bothwell_:

    A Tragedy. Two Vols. crown 8vo, 12_s._ 6_d._


_George Chapman_:

    An Essay. Crown 8vo, 7_s._


_Songs of Two Nations._

    Crown 8vo, 6_s._


_Essays and Studies._

    Crown 8vo, 12_s._


_Erechtheus_:

    A Tragedy. Crown 8vo, 6_s._


_Note of an English Republican on the Muscovite Crusade._

    8vo, 1_s._


_A Note on Charlotte Brontë._

    Crown 8vo, 6_s._

       *       *       *       *       *

_MR. SWINBURNE’S NEW WORK._

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, 9_s._


_Poems and Ballads._ SECOND SERIES.

    By ALGERNON CHARLES SWINBURNE.

⁂ Also in fcap. 8vo, at same price, uniform with the FIRST SERIES.

       *       *       *       *       *

Fcap. 8vo, cloth extra, 3_s._ 6_d._


_Rossetti’s (W. M.) Criticism upon Swinburne’s “Poems and Ballads.”_

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Swift’s Choice Works_,

    in Prose and Verse. With Memoir, Portrait, and Facsimiles of the
    Maps in the Original Edition of “Gulliver’s Travels.”

“_The ‘Tale of a Tub’ is, in my apprehension, the masterpiece of Swift;
certainly Rabelais has nothing superior, even in invention, nor anything
so condensed, so pointed, so full of real meaning, of biting satire, of
felicitous analogy. The ‘Battle of the Books’ is such an improvement on
the similar combat in the Lutrin, that we can hardly own it as an
imitation._”--HALLAM.

“_If he had never written either the ‘Tale of a Tub’ or ‘Gulliver’s
Travels,’ his name merely as a poet would have come down to us, and have
gone down to posterity, with well-earned honours._”--HAZLITT.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Strutt’s Sports and Pastimes of the People of England_;

    the Rural and Domestic Recreations, May Games, Mummeries, Shows,
    Processions, Pageants, and Pompous Spectacles, from the Earliest
    Period to the Present Time. With 140 Illustrations. Edited by
    WILLIAM HONE.

⁂ A few Large Paper Copies, with an extra set of Copperplate
Illustrations, carefully Coloured by Hand, from the Originals, 50_s._

       *       *       *       *       *

Medium 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Dr. Syntax’s Three Tours_,

    in Search of the Picturesque, in Search of Consolation, and in
    Search of a Wife. With the whole of ROWLANDSON’S droll page
    Illustrations, in Colours, and Life of the Author by J. C.
    HOTTEN.

       *       *       *       *       *

Large post 8vo, cloth, full gilt, gilt top, with Illustrations, 12_s._
6_d._


_Thackerayana_:

    Notes and Anecdotes: Illustrated by a profusion of Sketches by
    WILLIAM MAKEPEACE THACKERAY, depicting Humorous Incidents in his
    School-life, and Favourite Characters in the books of his
    everyday reading. With Hundreds of Wood Engravings and Five
    Coloured Plates, from Mr. Thackeray’s Original Drawings.

“_It would have been a real loss to bibliographical literature had
copyright difficulties deprived the general public of this very amusing
collection. One of Thackeray’s habits, from his schoolboy days, was to
ornament the margins and blank pages of the books he had in use with
caricature illustrations of their contents. This gave special value to
the sale of his library, and is almost cause for regret that it could
not have been preserved in its integrity. Thackeray’s place in
literature is eminent enough to have made this an interest to future
generations. The anonymous editor has done the best that he could to
compensate for the lack of this. It is an admirable addendum, not only
to his collected works, but also to any memoir of him that has been, or
that is likely to be, written._”--BRITISH QUARTERLY REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, gilt edges, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Thomson’s Seasons and Castle of Indolence._

    With a Biographical and Critical Introduction by ALLAN
    CUNNINGHAM, and over 50 fine Illustrations on Steel and Wood.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Coloured Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._

_J. M. W. Turner’s Life and Correspondence._ Founded upon Letters and
Papers furnished by his Friends and fellow Academicians. By WALTER
THORNBURY. A New Edition, considerably Enlarged. With numerous
Illustrations in Colours, facsimiled from Turner’s original Drawings.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Taine’s History of English Literature._

    Translated by HENRY VAN LAUN. Four Vols. small 8vo, 30_s._

⁂ Also a Popular Edition, in Two Vols., crown 8vo, cloth extra, 15_s._

       *       *       *       *       *

Two Vols. crown 8vo, cloth boards, 18_s._; Large Paper copies (only 50
printed), 36_s._


_Cyril Tourneur’s Collected Works_,

    Plays and Poems. Edited, with Critical Introduction and Notes,
    by J. CHURTON COLLINS.

“_Tourneur’s plays are an essential part of the literary history of his
period. For this reason chiefly they deserve Mr. Collins’s careful
editing. His notes are brief and to the point; his illustrations, drawn
from a store of curious and recondite learning, are apt and pregnant....
The book, which is prettily printed, is one which the student of
Elizabethan literature cannot dispense with._”--SATURDAY REVIEW.

       *       *       *       *       *

Small 8vo, cloth gilt, with Portrait, 6_s._


_Thoreau: His Life and Aims._

    A Study. By H. A. PAGE, Author of “The Life of Thomas De
    Quincey,” &c.

“_Mr. Page has done a good deed in making the ‘Poet Naturalist’ known to
English readers. Thoreau’s story is one of the most attractive stories
of our time, and we have to thank Mr. Page for reproducing it for us.
The ‘New England Hermit’ ought, one would think, to be almost as great a
favourite with English boys of this generation as ‘Robinson Crusoe.’ Mr.
Page’s study has, besides other merits, that of brevity, so rare in
these days; and we rose from the book with a strong desire for more, a
feeling that we had only had half a meal._”--SPECTATOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Timbs’ Clubs and Club Life in London._

    With Anecdotes of its famous Coffee-houses, Hostelries, and
    Taverns. By JOHN TIMBS, F.S.A. With numerous Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Timbs’ English Eccentrics and Eccentricities_:

    Stories of Wealth and Fashion, Delusions, Impostures, and
    Fanatic Missions, Strange Sights and Sporting Scenes, Eccentric
    Artists, Theatrical Folks, Men of Letters, &c. By JOHN TIMBS,
    F.S.A. With nearly 50 Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

One Vol. crown 8vo, cloth extra, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Tom Taylor’s Historical Plays._

    “Clancarty,” “Jeanne d’Arc,” “’Twixt Axe and Crown,” “The Fool’s
    Revenge,” “Arkwright’s Wife,” “Anne Boleyn,” “Plot and Passion.”

⁂ The Plays may also be had separately, at 1s. each.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 4to, half-Roxburghe, 12_s._ 6_d._


_Vagabondiana_;

    or, Anecdotes of Mendicant Wanderers through the Streets of
    London; with Portraits of the most Remarkable, drawn from the
    Life by JOHN THOMAS SMITH, late Keeper of the Prints in the
    British Museum. With Introduction by FRANCIS DOUCE, and
    Descriptive Text. With the Woodcuts and the 32 Plates, from the
    original Coppers.

       *       *       *       *       *

Large crown 8vo, cloth antique, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Walton and Cotton’s Complete Angler_;

    or, The Contemplative Man’s Recreation: being a Discourse of
    Rivers, Fishponds, Fish and Fishing, written by IZAAK WALTON;
    and Instructions how to Angle for a Trout or Grayling in a clear
    Stream, by CHARLES COTTON. With Original Memoirs and Notes by
    Sir HARRIS NICOLAS, and 61 Copperplate Illustrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Carefully printed on paper to imitate the Original, 22 in. by 14 in.,
2_s._


_Warrant to Execute Charles I._

    An exact Facsimile of this important Document, with the
    Fifty-nine Signatures of the Regicides, and corresponding Seals.

       *       *       *       *       *

Beautifully printed on paper to imitate the Original MS., price 2_s._


_Warrant to Execute Mary Q. of Scots._

    An exact Facsimile, including the Signature of Queen Elizabeth,
    and a Facsimile of the Great Seal.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crown 8vo, cloth extra, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Wright’s Caricature History of the Georges. (The House of Hanover.)_

    With 400 Pictures, Caricatures, Squibs, Broadsides, Window
    Pictures, &c. By THOMAS WRIGHT, Esq., M.A., F.S.A.

       *       *       *       *       *

Large post 8vo, cloth extra, gilt, with Illustrations, 7_s._ 6_d._


_Wright’s History of Caricature and of the Grotesque in Art, Literature,
Sculpture, and Painting_,

    from the Earliest Times to the Present Day. By THOMAS WRIGHT,
    M.A., F.S.A. Profusely illustrated by F. W. FAIRHOLT, F.S.A.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. OGDEN AND CO., PRINTERS, 172, ST. JOHN STREET, E.C.


[Transcriber’s Note:

Obvious printer errors corrected silently.

Inconsistent spelling and hyphenation are as in the original.]





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Chatto & Windus's List of Books, July
1878, by Chatto and Windus

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHATTO & WINDUS'S, JULY 1878 ***

***** This file should be named 57784-0.txt or 57784-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/7/7/8/57784/

Produced by MWS, Wayne Hammond and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive/American Libraries.)

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

